so I'm in the car knock back from my
very last eight level exam which feels
very strange the fact that they're
actually over it doesn't feel like they
could be over as for how chemistry went
and I'm not entirely sure some of the
questions were quite tricky which I mean
is expected but here's a levels are
supposed to be challenging but I'm not
sure whether it went as well as it could
have done so um as you can probably
gather I have now officially finished my
a level exams which seems so strange to
even think it definitely hasn't sunk in
and it feels like I've got something to
do I meant to have you know an essay to
write or I should be practicing some
chemistry questions but no I've got no
school work left to do um very strange
so I've just been reading through the
news because I haven't really been
keeping up to date with that over exam
season um most days I will listen to the
news every morning and then I will also
look through the New York Times and
evening but I haven't been doing that
over the last month and so I just wanted
to catch up on the news especially since
I hadn't actually heard about the
migrant crisis at the moment in the US
and so I wanted to look into that
definitely it's currently about quota
for and I'm going to go back to school
now basically I'm going to be helping at
junior debating society which I used to
do every evening after school on
Wednesdays but I haven't been able to do
it during exam seasons the last three
weeks so I'm really excited to be able
to do it's evening because I really love
doing it and whilst I'm talking about
junior debating massive shout-out to
Holly because I know that she watches my
videos
she she's near eight and she started
junior debating society completely off
her an initiative
she made this club from scratch herself
which is amazing we should all take her
example and use our initiative in a
similar way
so yes I'm gonna go and do that and then
from that I'm going straight to my
friend elaina's house because she's
invited me around today so I'm back from
junior debating and now we're driving
straight over to my friends house so
that we can have a mini pool parties is
the two of us that should be really
lovely and so we've just come into
Waitrose to Gatiss a little something to
bring around 2l in this house and I've
chosen some crisps yeah that's a good
idea actually may contain almonds and
peanuts I need something that doesn't
contain nuts gonna get one of these
hazelnut praline clusters have a
hazelnut that one so the whole way
through exams I've been eating really
healthy so no sugary foods no processed
foods it's all been like vegetable I've
just seen this and it looks so tasty and
because my exams are officially over I
can have one
talking about that and I decided to go
for golden Oreos Allanon because they
don't contain notes and they are quite
tasty it is currently Friday morning so
I am well I've just been reading I've
had some breakfast and I've just been
reading at the breakfast table I'm
currently reading reconstructing Amelia
which is pretty good I'm really enjoying
it so far I'm enjoying the fact that I
have got so much more time to read but I
do have quite a few things which I do
need to get done today so it's
definitely not going to be a really
relaxed day - I've got a speech that I
need to write and I've written maybe a
fifth of it so far so I need to crack on
with that so it's now around 10:20 and I
read for a bit and then I had a few
yearbook things to sort out because
we're sending off for it today in
literally about 20 minutes and there are
a few things that were still missing so
I've been chasing people up just trying
to last-minute get them but I think it's
all pretty much sorted now I'm waiting
I'm waiting to hear from one person and
then we're ready to send it off which is
really great you're probably thinking
you're sending out for your yearbooks so
late because everyone's already left but
at my school we come back in the day
before the last day of term and then the
very last day of town for a kind of
levers goodbye
and then we give out yearbooks and we
sign them on that day so that's why they
that's why we're sending them off
relatively late there's something about
chasing up these kinds of inquiries it
just makes you feel very tired so I'm
going to read a tiny bit more so that
I'm in a better mindset to start writing
the speech again and I'm sorry my voice
is so quirky I think the sudden relief
of not having exams has made me slightly
ill because I think I'm coming down with
a cold
so it's 1:30 now and I managed to write
another kind of page in a bit of my
speech and then I had some business he
must have reply to you so I did that and
I also added a video and now I am
watching
a bucket-list family vlog I love the
bucket list family at the moment and
it's really nice to actually just be
able to sit here and watch this without
feeling guilty because usually when I
watch youtube videos I do feel guilty
for watching them and I shouldn't but I
do and it's nice to be able to sit here
and watch it and know that I don't have
any reason to feel bad for it whoa I
haven't been out in the garden since
yesterday and look there's a hole here I
just thought that I'm like what is this
really exciting Lee we are getting a hot
tub really cool so it's a wood burn hot
tub I'll show you when it comes so it's
made completely of wood and then there's
a little stove underneath and then you
light it and then you wait for it to
warm the water and then you and the hot
tub like that so it's really cool I'm
really looking forward to it coming and
this see that's where the hot tub is
going to go so he's just put some cement
down and then this bits been dug because
we're going to put a hedge in here so
that we've got privacy from next door
you want to go
[Music]
both of the dogs are interested by this
I don't want her to fall in hair they
[Music]
Lola don't jump in